in the river
are all parts
with the statute
he has everything
i
erechim
Do not even care.
the mouse field and the city radio
was once two radios the field mouse
and an activity mouse
the two of them met a marriage and
They were friends soon.
at the end of the celebration that would not
for their homes
folia the field rack solved to send
a letter to the city mouse invites the
water for a few days in stores hence the
city radio when he signed the letter
It was so flowing I went crazy and the bags in the
The next day he picked up the train and
Visiting your friend when you arrived stayed
south fresh landscape and many many
trees and animals
they had a party when they
saw it later, they went by car to the
country mouse home where they arrived by
the city towards the bad ones in the room and then
I went to your friend the room and we're going
eating I thought my house is a
kid but you know I like a lot and waiting
that in the middle of the tranquility of the city
of pescara skirt because it was not
habituated so much simplicity
also did not like the
and then turned to
the field mouse and launched the invitation
because you will not exclude even the will to
my house is fine it can be me
I still accept radio from the field and so
was
there were two friends by train to the
City
when they arrived at the radio house
city a country mouse stayed
the dru everything is great at home at the time of
dinner and and mouse field and got in trouble
sent with all the food was on top
of the table decided to take the camera fan and
started because it was on pt
the city rap habits residence and
gento and we have to hide by saying
no one was scared and after
much searching there will find a
A little hole to hide is to pass some
what time is it in mayan riviera mexico
and just did not apply we can leave now
The two left in the hours of yesterday.
again and more and more
calm and shaman finish story
the country mouse the fact of hiding
turned to the man replied the man
Good friend, I 'm going to my house because the
to hide and to prefer the
life of the field and simpler and its
than having this all can not live
in peace and always end up scared and so
was the fact of the field and therefore of the radio
of the city
He joined us in the sun where he sees the flu.
this is always
the booth
the way kisses is yours
now I passed